hey folks Captain Kirk Fister comin at
you from flight junkies powered
paragliding thank you for joining me
this is another series and another video
in our series powered paragliding scam
warnings today's scam is about the scam
of training there's a lot of different
scams out there there was a lot of
different subjects to cover on this the
first one I'm going to cover is the scam
of certification folks listen check this
out
you can call the FAA back up what I'm
saying there is no rating there is no
certification there is no license needed
for you to fly a powered paraglider
there is none if there's an organization
out there that calls themselves an
organization which they're not tells you
that you need some sort of rating or
some sort of certification to fly or
some set of license to fly a powered
paraglider they're scamming you they're
lying to you watch out for anybody that
uses this terminology rating and
certification it's not real it has no
bearing on us you're allowed to fly
these you should however get good
training I believe that with all my
heart I've provided training free of
charge for over a decade and a half now
and that has made a lot of instructors
very angry at me they do not like the
fact that I expose these type of things
that I expose the difference in
equipment in some of our other videos so
that you know what you're looking at I
kind of cut through some of the
that's out there and they really don't
like that they want you to be dumb as a
box of hammers when you come into this
sport and they want to take it full
advantage of you and they want to reach
down to your pockets and take your money
training is worth the money if there's a
good instructor and I'm not saying
there's not good instructor there's some
great instructors out there and they
charge 1500 they charge $2000 for
training and it's worth your life I
train for free if you get equipment from
us I get unlimited free training we
don't even jack up the cost of the unit
to cover the training it truly honestly
is free of charge in fact I used to
train for 14 years free of charge even
if nobody bought a thing from me check
it out ask for references but let's get
into the scammer training we already
talked about the certification don't
fall for it the next thing I saw was a
video I saw online about in
instructor clamping his training was so
absolutely amazing and so incredible and
so super spectacular that if you take
his training method for $2,700 it's
going to make you the best possible
pilot and a world-class PPG pilot well
folks it just isn't like that
good training comes and then you develop
your skills over time but what he was
doing in this video of his was going
down to a beach and he was showing how
his super training methods and fabulous
super equipment could make you a better
pilot he was shown he was literally
walking up in interviewing people and
they were standing there not even
looking up at their wing and saying this
is amazing this is absolutely amazing I
can't believe it
what do you think of the training it's
amazing it's super training well it's
kind of a hoax it's kind of a scam folks
it's just a flat-out lie here's why this
works so well and I want you to keep in
mind in our video that I'm going to show
you to expose this little scam of super
training that I'm not at a beach I'm not
even in a harness I'm not even using
steering toggles like the people there
and watch what the wing does the way the
wing stays up there because their skills
or the quality of the wing but it's
really neither one of those things it
has to do with the wind but if we were I
wouldn't have to move at all I'm not
even
stay there so don't fall for the scam of
the expert training
it's just higher winds and make the wing
want to stay up there when you go out
and higher winds and you do this kind of
kiting especially at the beach the wing
is just gonna stay there for you don't
be fooled
it's another scam the equipment's not
better the trainings not better it's 10
to 12 miles an hour at the beach whether
that's going to keep that wing up there
but you're still gonna need to learn the
skills over land because you're not
always going to be at a beach and
learning your kiting skills is important
but don't let somebody try to tell you
that it's their training or their wing
that's having that wing stay up there
and that you don't have to look at it
it's a scam it into lie
you